0 You cannot do a kindness too soon because you never know how soon it will be too late.  -Ralph Emerson
1 You cannot do a kindness too soon because you never know how soon it will be too late.  -Ralph Emerson
0 Well begun is half done.   -Aristotle 
0 Well begun is half done.   -Aristotle 
1 Well begun is half done.   -Aristotle 
2 Well begun is half done.   -Aristotle 
3 Well begun is half done.   -Aristotle 
0 We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.  -Jean Lacordaire
1 We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.  -Jean Lacordaire
0 We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.  -Jean Lacordaire
1 We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.  -Jean Lacordaire
2 Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.  -Byron Pulsifer 
3 Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.  -Byron Pulsifer 
0 Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.  -Byron Pulsifer 
1 Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.  -Byron Pulsifer 
0 Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.  -Byron Pulsifer 
1 Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.  -Byron Pulsifer 
2 Victory belongs to the most persevering.  -Napoleon Bonaparte 
3 Victory belongs to the most persevering.  -Napoleon Bonaparte 
0 Victory belongs to the most persevering.  -Napoleon Bonaparte 
1 Victory belongs to the most persevering.  -Napoleon Bonaparte 
2 The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.  -Louise Hay 
3 The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.  -Louise Hay 
4 The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.  -Louise Hay 
0 The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.  -Louise Hay 
0 The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.  -Louise Hay 
1 Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths. -Etty Hillesum
2 Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths. -Etty Hillesum
3 Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths. -Etty Hillesum
0 Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths. -Etty Hillesum
0 Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths. -Etty Hillesum
1 Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths. -Etty Hillesum
0 Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung
1 Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung
2 Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung
3 Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung
4 Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung
0 Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.   -Richard Bach 
1 Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.   -Richard Bach 
2 Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.   -Richard Bach 
3 Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.   -Richard Bach 
4 Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.   -Richard Bach 
0 Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.  -Henry J. Kaiser
1 Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.  -Henry J. Kaiser
2 Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.  -Henry J. Kaiser
3 Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.  -Henry J. Kaiser
4 Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.  -Henry J. Kaiser
0 The cautious seldom err.  -Confucius
1 The cautious seldom err.  -Confucius
2 The cautious seldom err.  -Confucius
0 The cautious seldom err.  -Confucius
1 The cautious seldom err.  -Confucius
2 It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.   -Rene Descartes 
0 It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.   -Rene Descartes 
1 It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.   -Rene Descartes 
